Game-Design-Assignment
Step 1: Portfolio, Brainstorm, Pitch and Project Plan - 10 November 2021
This is a group project that will be deployed in portfolio format.  To get started you need to form a group of two or three people.  This group will be your project group for the semester.  The name of your project group and names of team members need to be recorded on the Project Wiki.

You are required to design an interactive story-based game using Joined Together as your theme. 

Required:
Create a GitHub repo for your project.  Use GitHub Pages to create an index page for your project's portfolio.  This will eventually have several links, including pitch, brainstorm, Scrum, prototype, etc.  Format it similar to this, but be creative!
Conduct a brainstorming session with your teammates.  Use Trello to manage the session.  Collect evidence that the session took place in the form of a video or screen grabs of your completed Trello board.  Detail the who, where, when, how long, etc. of the session.  The product of the session should be a coherent game concept (board or digital) that will form the basis of your game pitch. 
Prepare a five minute presentation to describe your game concept.  Use Google Slides or PowerPoint to create your slide deck.  Some background on pitching here and here.  Your pitch should be recorded and posted to YouTube.
Using your knowledge of Scrum, prepare a project management plan for your game.  Plan and detail the first Sprint.  Provide a burndown chart for the Sprint.  For forecasting purposes, assume that the final deliverable falls due in the second week of January.  Use Trello to create a Scrum board.
Upload one Word document containing all of the above here.  Include links to two Trello boards (brainstorm and Scrum board), your project GitHub page, your pitch video and your slides.  If you have used PowerPoint upload your slides here (in .pptx format).
Step 2: Narrative, Level Design and Twine Prototype
You are required to continue working with your project team on your Pandora project from stage 1.  The components detailed here should all be uploaded to your Github project page.  The deliverables in this stage are:

Narrative synopsis.  Write the story of your game using a narrative synopsis.  Your game’s story should use a narratological structure such as those proposed by Aristotle, Freytag or Campbe
Character profile.  Write a character brief for your game’s primary characters (protagonist, antagonist, tritagonist if relevant).  Detail their motivations, personality, appearance, goals, wants and needs, etc.
Level design.  Draw one level map for each level in your game. Use a Beat Chart to differentiate between your levels.  
A Unity Ink-based prototype of your game.  State which levels (detailed in step 3) are included in the prototype.
Updated Github portfolio.  Add all of the above as separate elements to your GitHub portfolio. 
Upload one document in Word format (do not zip).  Create headings for Narrative, Character Design, Level Design, Prototype (provide a link and how-to-play instructions) and GitHub Portfolio (provide a link). Upload one document per team.
